Privacy Policy

This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for coffeeforbernie.github.io/. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:

We collect names, emails, ratings and comments from visitors of the site (viistors are also known as users). We do not share this information with anyone. It is used for our own quality control purposes.
All information provided to us is optional. It is not required to provide a name or email in order to contact us and provide feedback.
We use a secure forms service, Typeform, as our forms vendor. They handle most of the security of the information for us in their system.
Inaccuracies of information can be corrected on the website by the team.

Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.

We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.

Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.

Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:

   • See what data we have about you, if any.
   • Change/correct any data we have about you.
   • Have us delete any data we have about you.
   • Express any concern you have about our use of your data.

Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.

Updates
Our Privacy Policy is subject to change.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately email: coffeeforbenir@gmail.com.